DOC - one word fix in models intro (#74609)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-modeling/models.md

# Models

> Consider using [Transforms](../data-studio/transforms/transforms-overview.md) instead of models.

> Models curate data from a table (or tables from the same database) to anticipate the kinds of questions people will ask of the data. You can think of them as derived tables, or a special kind of saved question meant to be used as the starting point for new questions. You can base a model on a SQL or query builder question, which means you can include custom, calculated columns in your model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models curate data from one or more tables (from the same database) to anticipate the kinds of questions people will ask of the data. You can think of them as derived tables, or a special kind of saved question meant to be used as the starting point for new questions. You can base a model on a SQL or query builder question, which means you can include custom, calculated columns in your model.
```
